general_information_for_location_hosts.md, before:

# General information for locations

This document serves as general information about how we run events at locations. If you have any questions, feel free to approach us [via mail](mailto:swkberlin-orga@googlegroups.com).

Our events usually start at **7pm**, however usually, attendees start to arrive earlier. At least one of our organizers will join at around **6.30pm** to set up everything.   
A typical event lasts until **10pm the latest**, which includes time to clean up the location. We appreciate companies hosting us and strive to leave a clean space behind. Our attendees are asked to help clean up the space as well.

The following checklist outlines our expectations for a location for our events:
- No Catering (please no pizza either) unless specifically agreed on. Snacks (the healthier, the better) are fine.
- Please only serve non-alcoholic beverages (water and sodas) until we officially close the event.
- No recruiters at our events.
- We expect everyone, including the location hosts, to comply with our [values](https://github.com/swkBerlin/values/blob/master/safe_environment.md).
- We usually need **Flip Charts**; we bring our own Post-Its and markers. We'd appreciate if you could provide pen and paper for the attendees.
- Room Setup
  - **Coding Dojo**: 10-15 pairs who can sit at a table and code together. Monitors and keyboards are not necessary, power plugs and Wifi needed.
  - **Lean Coffee**: 2-4 desks for up to **8** people each, placed as far apart as possible so the individual sessions are not disturbed by other tables.
- Accessibility: Please tell us if your location is accessible, e.g. via elevator.
- After the event we usually go for a beer together. It would be nice if you could reserve a place for 10-15 people around 10-10:30pm or recommend us a place so we can take care of this.

We will give you time at the start of the event to introduce your company to the attendees. We will also mention you in tweets in advance of the event if you provide us with your twitter-handle.

Commit message:

Only serve vegetarian food at our events please :)

general_information_for_location_hosts.md, after:

# General information for locations

This document serves as general information about how we run events at locations. If you have any questions, feel free to approach us [via mail](mailto:swkberlin-orga@googlegroups.com).

Our events usually start at **7pm**, however usually, attendees start to arrive earlier. At least one of our organizers will join at around **6.30pm** to set up everything.   
A typical event lasts until **10pm the latest**, which includes time to clean up the location. We appreciate companies hosting us and strive to leave a clean space behind. Our attendees are asked to help clean up the space as well.

The following checklist outlines our expectations for a location for our events:
- No Catering (please no pizza either) unless specifically agreed on. Snacks (the healthier, the better) are fine. Please note that all food served should be vegetarian. It would also be awesome if information about allergenes is provided to the attendees.
- Please only serve non-alcoholic beverages (water and sodas) until we officially close the event.
- No recruiters at our events.
- We expect everyone, including the location hosts, to comply with our [values](https://github.com/swkBerlin/values/blob/master/safe_environment.md).
- We usually need **Flip Charts**; we bring our own Post-Its and markers. We'd appreciate if you could provide pen and paper for the attendees.
- Room Setup
  - **Coding Dojo**: 10-15 pairs who can sit at a table and code together. Monitors and keyboards are not necessary, power plugs and Wifi needed.
  - **Lean Coffee**: 2-4 desks for up to **8** people each, placed as far apart as possible so the individual sessions are not disturbed by other tables.
- Accessibility: Please tell us if your location is accessible, e.g. via elevator.
- After the event we usually go for a beer together. It would be nice if you could reserve a place for 10-15 people around 10-10:30pm or recommend us a place so we can take care of this.

We will give you time at the start of the event to introduce your company to the attendees. We will also mention you in tweets in advance of the event if you provide us with your twitter-handle.
